Remove referential transparecy from the intro to FP (#10269)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/introduction-to-functional-programming/index.md

    x + 1
```

> Although this function does not depend on a global value, it writes the value of `x` to the output of the program. Although there is nothing inherently wrong with doing this, it does mean that the function is not pure. If another part of your program depends on something such as the output buffer, then calling this function can affect that other part of your program.

Reviewer: - "depends on something such as the output buffer" seems vague. Can there be some other dependency. Perhaps just "depends on the output buffer".

Removing the `printfn` statement makes the function pure:

```fsharp
let addOneToValue x = x + 1
```

> Although this function is not inherently _better_ than the previous version with the `printfn` statement, it does guarantee that all this function does is return a value. Calling this function once or 1 billion times will still result in the same thing: just producing a value. The predictability given by purity is something many functional programmers strive for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this function is not inherently _better_ than the previous version with the `printfn` statement, it does guarantee that all this function does is return a value. Calling this function any number of times produces the same result: it just produces a value. The predictability given by purity is something many functional programmers strive for.
```
